docs: fix content for LSP5 (#908)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/universal-profile/lsp5-received-assets.md

If you want to know from which tokens you own, you need to manually import the token contract address and query the balance of your key in it each time for each token. This inconvenience brings light to the following problem: owning tokens without being aware because there are no ways of being notified about the tokens you have received in the first place.

> Explorers like Etherscan are currently responsible for listing all the tokens each address own. They do so through their API by scanning the entire network and the balance on each token contract for each possible address interacting on the network. As a result, keeping track of user's owned assets and balances relies on such centralized services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explorers like [Etherscan](https://etherscan.io/) are currently responsible for listing all the tokens each address owns. They do so through their API by scanning the entire network of Ethereum, including the balance on each token contract and potential interacting address. As a result, keeping track of the user's owned assets and balances relies on such centralized services.
```

> One way to solve this problem is to create generic metadata keys that would register in the smart contract storage how many different tokens you own and the address of the transferred token contracts. LSP5 removes such problem listed above, by storing the addresses of the tokens you own directly inside your UP storage, or any contract that implements LSP5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to solve this problem is to create generic metadata keys that would register in the smart contract storage how many different tokens you own and the address of the transferred token contracts. LSP5 removes the problem listed above by storing the addresses of the tokens you own directly inside your UP storage or any contract that implements LSP5.
```
